Now that we've chosen our thumbnail Let's go ahead and further design and detail it.
So what we'll do is we'll grab our marquee tool and select the thumbnail that we've chosen.
Now we're going to cut it out of the page by going control X on your keyboard on a Mac.
It is command X..
Now let's create a new page or a new document.
Let's make it 1000 by 1000.
Let's go ahead and copy and paste that guy in by pressing control V on a Windows and command the Mac
.
Now that we have that in there we're going to create a rectangle by using our shape tool over here on
the left hand side.
It's going to click and drag and that'll create a nice perfect rectangle.
Now let's add a new layer above that.
So that way it doesn't affect any of our other layers.
And most select the brush tool we can now start drawing redrawing our thumbnail that we created previously
.
And but this time around we are going to add some more detail and we might change it up a little bit
and just figure out what's going to make this background really work.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So I want to create a straight line first off.
And the way you do that in Photoshop is with a paint brush is by holding down shift as you paint.
So you'll see I'm holding down shift right now that allows me to make the very straight line.
I'm going to grab that line.
I'm going to move it down just a bit about the brush.
Now you can get drawn so I think for my island I want one island that looks very.
I want to be able to see the tectonic plates very well as like as if they're coming out of the ocean
out of the ground you know pushing now.
Just gives a really cool visual look to the piece.
And we have some sort of a castle up here.
Not exactly sure what it's going to look like yet but we'll get to that later.
For now you just kind of want to fill in the spaces and kind of get the basic detail and the basic gist
of what it is
.
I'm also going to be cool if there were some sort of underwater part of this castle like it came down
into the mountain and then there were there were some kind of underwater world underneath here like
Windows and be like bubble windows.
I'm just going to start sketching in some little shapes and things that I think take it somewhere
.
I also think I'm going to get rid of this treehouse type building because I feel like it's just really
in the way and it's not I don't know I just don't really want it.
So I'm going to take him out and I think I'm going to shift these floating islands over to the right
side of our image because I'm thinking this is going to be a menu for game so right about here in the
center of our image I think we're going to have a menu on display.
So I'm going to take this guy out and shift these guys over
and that's what designing and doing thumbnails is all about it's about creating and recreating and until
you get it the way you want it
.
Now I'm going to pick this island up because I don't really want them there.
And I just put a circle around them so I'm going to show you two tricks right now.
So the first one is how to undo something the way you undo something in Photoshop is by pressing control
Z.
And on a Mac I believe it has a command Z.
The other thing I want to show you is I want to grab the sky and move them somewhere else.
And I also want to resize them.
So I'm going to grab them with my marquee tool.
Now I'm going to go to my grab a move tool and I can move them wherever I want now.
And he's a separate thing even though he's still on the same layer but he's the only part of this letter
that I have selected.
It's only moving in.
Now I want to resize them so to do that.
I'm going to press control T and on Mac it's command T.
And now I can change the size of the size of them to whatever I want to keep them proportional.
I'm going to hold down shift and now I can shrink them and help keep his proportions and just press
enter.
And we have resized our floating island to unselected just click out of him
.
I think there's going to be some sort of far off sort of underwater canyon out there
and some clouds.
All right.
I think that's I think that's done.
So now we can move on to the next part of the course which is creating or not creating But designing
finished designing all of the aspects and pieces of our background so we will we're going to design
this castle out and we're going to design these islands and we're going design what this mountain looks
like in this underwater world.
And we're really going to get into it and design it and create.
We need to really create those visuals and those shapes instead of rather just having these squiggly
scribbly images.